So as a workaround for the OAuth2ExchangeFilterFunction in
the client credentials grant not requesting a new token
when the existing one expires,
we can create a wrapper class around the OAuth2AuthorizedClientRepository.
And in the wrapper,
we can accept the actual
OAuth2AuthorizedClientRepository as a constructor field.
We implement the load, save, and removeAuthorizedClient methods.
And for most, we simply delegate to the default implementation.
But for the loadAuthorizeClient, we can check the expiry of the token.
And if the token is valid for more than 1 minute, we can return it.
Otherwise, we remove it from the repository.
This will result in the exchange filter not receiving and
authorized client back and hence will trigger it to request a
new token from the authorization server.
We then add our wrapper version to the ExchangeFilterFunction and that's it. We've implemented the client credentials flow using the WebClient.